docs: fix SMT flatten syntax (#134)
IBM/cloudant-kafka-connector: docs/smt-reference.md

For certain use cases, such as sending events to a relational database sink, it may be desirable to flatten nested fields:

> * Flatten maps in the JSON document using the [Kafka built-in `org.apache.kafka.connect.transforms.Flatten$Value`](https://docs.confluent.io/cloud/current/connectors/single-message-transforms.html#flatten)

Reviewer: Lets use the Apache Kafka link
```suggestion
* Flatten maps in the JSON document using the [Kafka built-in `org.apache.kafka.connect.transforms.Flatten$Value`](https://kafka.apache.org/documentation/#org.apache.kafka.connect.transforms.Flatten)
```
